Update 1

Added the Semi-Auto Shotgun to Self-Loading Actions
Implemented the beginnings of the explosives tree
Changed Self-Loading Actions' tech class to spacer


Update 2 - Updated to A16

Added Breech-Loading research topic and added the Breech-Loader
Rebalanced crafting costs and market values


Update 3 - Updated to A17

Weapon damage is now dependant on the calibre of bullet, rather than some arbitrary number.
Added most of the compatible content from the WIP Combat Realism version that may never see release.
Replaced the Semi-Auto Shotgun with the Automatic Shotgun.
Rebalanced every weapon to better fit the newer bonus weapons.
Fixed the huge error that occured from booting Rimworld with dev mode on.
A couple other updates that i'm probably forgetting.


Update 3a

Employed bonesbro's research tab to help with the cluttered research screen.


Update 4 - Updated to B18

Added new turret types; replaced vanilla turret textures.
Added Composite Armour; increased Power Armour cost and defence to compensate.
Added a few new bonus weapons.
Rebalanced the Arquebus and added a pistol counter-part.
Changed how weapons are distributed amoung pawns to encourage more diverse spawns.
Re-textured the Assault Rifle, LMG, and Machine Pistol.


Update 4a

Fixed sappers not spawning and throwing up an error.


Update 4b

Added Double-Barrel Shotgun to Breech Loading Tree.
Added Sawn-Off Shotgun.
Fixed pistol/autopistol clone. (Will most likely cause an error on update, but not game-breaking)
Fixed Grenade Launchers and Incendiary Launchers appearing on non-grenadiers.


Update 4c

Fixed issue with mannable turrets not being available until Self-Loading was researched.
Minor buffs to the Light Machine Gun, Bullpup Rifle, and Light Support Weapon.


Update 4d

Added Mannable Minigun.
Adjusted Mounted and Automated LMG/GPMG stats.
Reduced number of rounds fired by the LMG, changed description to suit.
Changed graphic for Automated LMG/GPMG tripods.


Update 4e

Added Heavy Revolver.
Increased the Bolt-Action Pistol's cooldown to better accommodate the large revolver.
Vastly changed how the Bullpup Rifle and Light Support Weapon work so as to make them feel more unique.
Fixed typo in Bolt-Action Pistol description.
Changed name of Civilian Rifle to Sporting Rifle.
Changed description for the Converted Bolt-Action Rifle, and Sporting Rifle.
Tweaked the texture for the Double-Barrel Shotgun and Sawn-Off Shotguns.


Update 5 - Updated to B19

Added Automatic Battle Rifle.
Added Urban Pistol.
Added Vinatage Machine Gun.
Added Balanced Bullpup Rifle.
Added Weighted Bullpup Carbine.
Added Combat PDW.
Added Infantry Automatic Rifle.
Added Rugged Light Machine Gun.
Added Rugged Marksman's Rifle.
Added Riot Shotgun.
Added Polymer Bullpup Rifle.
Added Charge Carbine.
Added Charge Pistol.
Re-introduced the Semi-Automatic Shotgun.
Removed Cast Grenades.
Removed automated versions of the mannable turrets.
Removed Composite Vests and changes to related apparel.
Renamed Chain Shotgun to Automatic Shotgun.
Renamed original Automatic Battle Rifle to Defence Rifle.
Renamed Bullpup Rifle to Weighted Bullpup Rifle.
Renamed Light Support Weapon to Weighted Light Support Weapon.
Renamed Tactical Bullpup Rifle to Modernised Bullpup Rifle.
Renamed Military Assault Rifle to Service Rifle.
Renamed Compact Assault Rifle to Compact Carbine.
Renamed Military Pistol to Service Pistol.
Renamed Pistol to Semi-Automatic Pistol.
Renamed Arquebus to Caliver.
Replaced vanilla Chain Shotgun texture with an IRL contemporary.
Retextured both the vanilla SMG's to appear smaller.
Retextured the vanilla Charge Rifle.
Retuextured the Caliver/Matchlock Pistol
Retextured all Combat Rifle/Marksman Rifle Variants to better reflect their real life counterparts.
Retextured the Compact Carbine.
Retextured the Service Pistol.
Retextured the Anti-Materiel Rifle.
Retextured GMG.
Retextured mounted Minigun/GMG bases to appear smaller.
Altered most weapon descriptions to better describe their method of operation and backstory.
Rebalance of most, if not all weapons.


Update 5a

Re-introduced Composite Vests as a form of bonus armour.
Fixed the Double Barrel Shotgun being unlocked with gunpowder.


Update 5b

Fixed Stranger in Black error.
Fixed the in-game "Composite Vests" title being capitalised.
Fixed non-automated turrets breaking down.
Made Mounted GMG a non-craftable bonus turret, to hopefully better balance it's power.
Increased the Submachine Gun's burst count from 3 to 4.
Added a patch that allows the Stranger In Black to spawn with Lever-Action Rifles.


Update 5c

Added Rugged Carbine
Lightly modified vanilla research topics/weapons now patched as opposed to replaced.
Buffed Charge weapon's stats so as to better reflect their cost.


Update 5d

Fixed research tab being incorrectly named 'Weapon Diversity'.
Fixed Minigun not showing up for the maching table.


Update 5e

Turrets now unlocked with machining research.


Update 5f

Added Polymer Submachine Gun.
Added Polymer Light Support Weapon.
Increased all the mannable turrets' accuracy.
Made mannable turrets craftable using other metals.
Updated textures for the Sporting Rifle, Assault Rifle, Light Machine Gun, Service Rifle, Polymer Bullpup Rifle, Weighted weapons family, and Combat weapons family.


Update 6 - Updated to 1.0

Tweaked all weapon accuracy models.
Tweaked all weapon cooldowns and warmups.


Update 6a

Fixed crashlanded senario starting with uninteded technologies


Update 7

Made patching slightly more efficient.
Moved Gun Turret and Autocannon Turret topics closer together on the vanilla research page.
Molotovs no longer require research and are now craftable at a Crafting Spot.
Renamed "Grenades" research topic to "Fuses".
Renamed "Caliver" to "Matchlock Arquebus".
Renamed "Breech-loader" to "Breech-Loading Rifle".
Renamed "Marksman's Rifle" to "Sniper Support Rifle".
Removed Grenade Launcher and Incendiary Launcher from the Smithing Table.
GMG now needs chemfuel to rearm.
Rebalanced weapons with more in-depth accuracy stats.
Replaced charge weapons with gauss variants.
Added rarer, unique bonus guns.
Added compatability for Combat Shields.
Added HE, Incendiary, and Firefoam shells to Fuses research.
Added NNEMP research topic.
Added specific penetration values to each projectile.
Added Turret Rifle.
Added Lever-Action Shotgun.
Added Breech-Loading Sniper.
Added Lever-Action Sniper.
Added Bullpup PDW.
Added Modernised Rugged Assault Rifle.
Added Compact Light Machine Gun.
Added Special Purpose Rifle.
Added Gauss Machine Gun.
Added Disposable Launcher.
Added Vintage Machine Pistol.
Added Vintage Submachine Gun.
Added Vintage Assault Rifle.
Added Vintage Sniper Rifle.
Added Vintage General-Purpose Machine Gun.
Added Mounted Gatling Gun.
Added racking sound to Lever-Action weapons.
Updated textures for the Matchlock Arquebus, Breech-Loading Rifle, Lever-Action Rifle, Large Lever-Action Rifle, Compact Carbine, Assault Rifle, Light Machine Gun, Battle Rifle, Balanced Bullpup Rifle, Modernised Bullpup Rifle, Defence Rifle, Automatic Battle Rifle, General-Purpose Machine Gun, Rugged Weapons Family, Combat weapons family, and Gauss Weapons Family.


Update 8

Added Service Carbine.
Added Smart Launcher.
Added 5 rare weapons.
Added Mounted Anti-Tank Rifle.
Added Smart Munitions research topic.
Reworded craftable weapon descriptions to better describe their capabilities, as opposed to their history.
Fixed the Polymer Submachine Gun incorrectly using assault rifle sounds.
Reduced ammunition count for the GMG.
Reduced cost to rearm GMG.
Added new sounds for pretty much all weapons.
Redesigned and rebalanced the Composite Vest.
Updated texture for the Matchlock Arquebus, Matchlock Pistol, Breech-Loading Rifle, Double-Barrelled Shotgun, Revolver, Lever-Action Rifle, Bolt-Action Sniper, Automatic Shotgun, Battle Rifle, Service Pistol, Machine Pistol, Personalised Bullpup PDW, Vintage Submachine Gun, Weighted Bullpup Carbine, Large Lever-Action Rifle, Sporting Rifle, Service Rifle, Prototype Rifle, Compact Light Machine Gun, Vintage General-Purpose Machine Gun, General-Purpose Machine Gun, Breech-Loading Sniper, and Special Purpose Rifle.
Added patches for [XND] Turret Extensions, Dual Wield, and Combat Training.


Update 8a - 1.8.0.1

Fixed muddled muzzleFlashScales.
Fixed duplicate XML nodes for the FlakVest.
Fixed issue that disabled scrolling when editing senarios.
Updated textures for the Polymer Submachine Gun, Polymer Bullpup Rifle, Automatic Battle Rifle, and Polymer Light Support Weapon.


Update 8b - 1.8.0.2

Fixed Plate Vest patching issues.


Update 8c - 1.8.0.3

Added skillRequirements for complex mechanical weapons.
Fixed the Combat Training patch, was using an outdated draft version.


Update 8d - 1.8.0.4

Fixed scenario editor incompatibility.


Update 8e - 1.8.0.5

Added specific market values for each weapon to better reflect capability, as opposed to the work and materials required to make.


Update 8f - 1.8.0.6

Changed Muzzle-loader's tech level to Medieval.


Update 8g - 1.8.0.7

Tweaked unique weapons' tags.
Fixed incomplete Anti-Tank Rifle description.
Retextured Bolt-Action Rifle and Bolt-Action Sniper.
Retextured GPMG to give a more distinctive silhouette in comparison to the Vintage GPMG
Added a High-Explosive Bullet projectile def.
Anti-Materiel Rifle and Anti-Tank Rifle now use AP-HE Rounds, stats changed to reflect this.
Added Checkpoint Rifle


Update 9 - 1.8.0.8

Updated to 1.1.


Update 9a - 1.8.0.9

Changed the materials require for the Plate Vest  as it was causing errors related to the Stranger In Black.
Changed MoveSpeed for Minigun, Anti-Materiel Rifle, Plate Vest, and Composite Plate Carrier.


Update 9b - 1.8.0.10

Fixed Dual Wield Patch causing issues with Dual Wield.


Update 9c - 1.8.0.11

Debuffed the Checkpoint rifle.


